Update Grafana docs for OSS 2.0 and Cloud (#2210)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/tools/grafana.md

{{% tab-content %}}

> ## Configure Grafana to use InfluxQL

Reviewer: I feel like this needs more context. (and I've written way too many words here....so, this is more about the concept I'm trying to get across).
There are two ways you can connect Grafana to InfluxDB.  

First, if you have been using Grafana with InfluxDB 1.x and have upgraded to InfluxDB 2.x and want to continue using InfluxQL so your dashboards continue to work....you need to ensure two things have happened:
1) in the upgrade process: the appropriate DBRP mappings were created AND
2) the username/password that you previously used are present in the v1 auth setup....

If you didn't upgrade, but are starting from scratch and simply redirecting new data to a new InfluxDB v2.... you'll still need to check these things.  

Second, you can also use the native 2.0 token-based authentication scheme.  

I think the question here and the guidance we need to provide is around how they decide which path to pursue and what/if anything are the differences.

Author: Restructuring this.

1. [Set up the InfluxDB 1.x compatibility API](#set-up-the-influxdb-1x-compatibility-api)
2. [Configure your InfluxDB connection](#configure-your-influxdb-connection)

### Set up the InfluxDB 1.x compatibility API
Grafana uses the [InfluxDB 1.x compatibility API](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/api/influxdb-1x/)
to query InfluxDB 2.0 using InfluxQL.
To successfully authenticate with and query the 1.x compatibility API:

- [Create a InfluxDB v1 authorization](#create-an-influxdb-v1-authorization)
- [Create a InfluxDB DBRP mapping](#create-an-influxdb-dbrp-mapping)

#### Create an InfluxDB v1 authorization

{{% note %}}

> Setting up an InfluxDB v1 authorization is only required if you need to authenticate

Reviewer: a special v1 authentication mechanism exists in 2.0 to provide this compatibility for our 1.x users and tools.

Reviewer: I think folks may be confused by the InfluxDB 2.0 username and password === which is used to log into InfluxDB 2.0, but has nothing to do with the actual v1 auth token created using a username/password combo

Author: Good point. I'll clarify.

2. [Configure your InfluxDB connection](#configure-your-influxdb-connection)

### Set up InfluxDB compatibility
To query InfluxDB OSS 2.0 with InfluxQL, you must successfully authenticate with
InfluxDB and database/retention policy (DBRP) mappings must exist.

> - **Are you starting with a fresh InfluxDB 2.0 instance?**
>   - **Authentication:** use [InfluxDB v2 token authentication](/influxdb/v2.0/security/tokens/).
>   - **DBRP mappings:** [manually create DBRP mappings](#view-and-create-influxdb-dbrp-mappings).
> 
> - **Did you upgrade from InfluxDB 1.x to 2.0 using the [official upgrade process](/influxdb/v2.0/upgrade/v1-to-v2/)?**
>   - **Authentication:** use the _non-admin_ [v1 compatible authentication credentials](#view-and-create-influxdb-v1-authorizations)
>     created for in the upgrade process.
>   - **DBRP mappings:** InfluxDB automatically created DBRP mappings in the upgrade process.
> 
> - **Did you manually migrate from InfluxDB 1.x to 2.0?**
>   - **Authentication:** If your InfluxDB 1.x instance required authentication,
>     [create v1 compatible authentication credentials](#view-and-create-influxdb-v1-authorizations)
>     to match your previous 1.x username and password.
>     Otherwise, use [InfluxDB v2 token authentication](/influxdb/v2.0/security/tokens/).
>   - **DBRP mappings:** [manually create DBRP mappings](#view-and-create-influxdb-dbrp-mappings).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Configure Grafana to use InfluxQL

To query InfluxDB OSS 2.0 with InfluxQL, find your use case below, and then complete the instructions to configure Grafana:

- [Installed a new InfluxDB 2.0 instance](#new-install-of-influxdb-2-0)
- [Configure Grafana for pgraded from InfluxDB 1.x to 2.0 (following the official upgrade)](#upgrade-from-influxdb-1-x-to-2-0)
- [Manually migrated from InfluxDB 1.x to 2.0](#manually-migrated-from-influxdb-1-x-to-2-0)

### Installed a new InfluxDB 2.0 instance

To configure Grafana to use InfluxQL with a new install of InfluxDB 2.0, do the following:

1. [Authenticate with InfluxDB 2.0 tokens](/influxdb/v2.0/security/tokens/).
2. [Manually create DBRP mappings](#view-and-create-influxdb-dbrp-mappings).
3. [Configure your InfluxDB connection](#configure-your-influxdb-connection).

### Upgrade from InfluxDB 1.x to 2.0

To configure Grafana to use InfluxQL when you've upgraded from InfluxDB 1.x to InfluxDB 2.0 (following the official upgrade), authenticate using the _non-admin_ [v1 compatible authentication credentials](#view-and-create-influxdb-v1-authorizations). InfluxDB automatically created DBRP mappings in the upgrade process.

### Manually migrate from InfluxDB 1.x to 2.0

To configure Grafana to use InfluxQL when you've manually migrated from InfluxDB 1.x to InfluxDB 2.0, do the following:

1. If your InfluxDB 1.x instance required authentication,
    [create v1 compatible authentication credentials](#view-and-create-influxdb-v1-authorizations)
    to match your previous 1.x username and password.
    Otherwise, use [InfluxDB v2 token authentication](/influxdb/v2.0/security/tokens/).
2. [Manually create DBRP mappings](#view-and-create-influxdb-dbrp-mappings).

```

Reviewer 2: Scott, what do you think about this structure (we may need to tweak wording for steps a bit)? It highlights each use case and has step-by-step for each.
